AI Repair base nodes (#1581)
Vinifera-Developers/Vinifera: docs/Mapping.md

![Score screen colors in DTA:CR](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc901430-abfc-4b8e-9648-107d07b7eafe)

> ### AI Repair Base Nodes

Reviewer: I would say that this probably belongs in Miscellaneous.md, since it is a generic rules.ini tag.

- You can now customize whether the AI can repair structures created as base nodes. 
- Applies globally to all AI houses, and only affects non-skirmish games. 
- Can be set and overridden at either game (Rules.ini) or map level.

In a scenario file:
```ini
[AI]

> AIRepairBaseNodes=no   ; boolean, can theAI can repair structures created as base nodes?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AIRepairBaseNodes=no   ; boolean, can the AI can repair structures created as base nodes?
```
